Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/Extensibility_UG/Intro.md

The simultaneous use of two approaches is explained by the two different types of frontends used for model conversion in OpenVINO: new frontends (ONNX, PaddlePaddle) and legacy frontends (TensorFlow, Caffe, Kaldi and MXNet). Model Optimizer can use both frontends in contrast to the direct import of a model with the `read_model` method, which can use new frontends only. Follow one of the appropriate guides referenced above to implement mappings depending on framework frontend.

If you are implementing extensions for new ONNX or PaddlePaddle frontends and plan to use the `--extensions` option in Model Optimizer for model conversion, then the extensions should be:

1. Implemented in C++ only.

2. Compiled as a separate shared library (see details on how to do this further in this guide).

Model Optimizer does not support new frontend extensions written in Python API.

Remaining part of this guide describes application of Frontend Extension API for new frontends.

## Registering Extensions

A custom operation class and a new mapping frontend extension class object should be registered to be usable in OpenVINO runtime.

> > **NOTE**: This documentation is derived from the [Template extension](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/docs/template_extension/new), which demonstrates the details of extension development. It is based on minimalistic `Identity` operation that is a placeholder for your real custom operation. You may review the complete, fully compilable code to see how it works.

Author: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: This documentation is derived from the [Template extension](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/docs/template_extension/new), which demonstrates the details of extension development. It is based on minimalistic `Identity` operation that is a placeholder for your real custom operation. Review the complete, fully compilable code to see how it works.
```

@endsphinxdirective
 

> When Python API is used, there is no way to implement a custom OpenVINO operation. Also, even if custom OpenVINO operation is implemented in C++ and loaded into the runtime by a shared library, there is still no way to add a frontend mapping extension that refers to this custom operation. In this case, use C++ shared library approach to implement both operations semantics and framework mapping.

Author: ```suggestion
When Python API is used, there is no way to implement a custom OpenVINO operation. Even if custom OpenVINO operation is implemented in C++ and loaded into the runtime by a shared library, there is still no way to add a frontend mapping extension that refers to this custom operation. In this case, use C++ shared library approach to implement both operations semantics and framework mapping.
```

> You may still use Python to map and decompose operations when only operations from the standard OpenVINO operation set are used.

Author: ```suggestion
Python can still be used to map and decompose operations when only operations from the standard OpenVINO operation set are used.
```

### Create a Library with Extensions

An extension library should be created in the following cases:

>  - Conversion of a model with custom operations in Model Optimizer

Author: ```suggestion
 - Conversion of a model with custom operations in Model Optimizer.
```
